So the next stop is a check up and you can see that we have a bunch of options right here.
But it really easy so will find you bonce enable the use of coupons.
Or maybe you want to have coupons there is something really important in the coupons.
Option maybe you are not offering coupons but you keep these enable when they use air.
For example right here on the checkout you can see that we have this coupon.
Click here to enter your code so maybe you can Cup the coupons buy the babysitter see something like
this and maybe they are going to cancel the purchase because they found these gold and they are trying
to find a coupon.
So if you don't want to have coupons and you plan to create coupons I recommend that you check these
because lists and check these and save the changes and up and check out again.
You can see that we get rid of that message that something really really important only enable this
if you already plan to create coupons.
In my case I plan to cut coupons and then I show you how to create coupons and apply apply them in the
mix medius then you can calculate coupons.
These can sequentially so you can see when I play music multiple coupons I play the first coupon and
the full price for the full price.
And then the second coupon is gone price.
And so one.
So lets say that you have $100 broke and your shares are $20 coupon.
So its going to be $20 of and if they use it adds another coupon Maybe that extra 10 percent is going
to be 10 percent of that $80.
But if you disable this is going to address $20 and then an extra $10.
So we have to make sure that you check these and see how this works.
So now you next you have enabled guest check out so you can see we can allow the customers to check
out without creating an account.
So this is also important because some clients doesnt want to create an account in a website.
They only want to buy something but as of course it is a good idea to force the users to create an account
before making a purchase.
Of course this is up to you.
Normally I'd recommend to have these check so everyone can buy something from your store.
Then you can see that you have four securer check out but you need SSL certificate.
Then we have the chicle pages you have the card page you can change the page for the card and now so
you have the checkout page the check betterway hear the term and conditions.
So this is going to be important so let's say for example a page so that it's on your page and it's
at their terms and conditions.
And it says something like a great
something like that something very simple and I'm going to publish these.
So if I open these again and reload and if I change these terms and conditions and then we had something
like 10 are conditions and save the changes on that check out if I had reload on the board and you will
find these I have read and I said that there are certain conditions you can apply here and you can pick
up or graters terms of course in that real web site.
You have to create something better than these.
This is how you can do.
There are some conditions you can create that page and that's what we have the aimpoint.
Everything here is going to be the.
You wonder why don't we have the main gateways.
And for example let's say you went to a bank transfers.
So you can to here on direct bank transfer.
Then you can disable the payment gateway.
Of course this happens or this is up to you you can see that we have some added that really cash on
the DeBerry paypal and of course you can also reorder these.
They are going to be showing right here.
So if I have Paypal fares and then reload
you can see by this the first option and of course you can enable or disable some payment gateways right
here.
So we have the B a C S and you can see this is a bank transfer.
You can add some action details.
The details are going to be sent by email.
When the user makes that purchase they are going to be added in the body of the e-mail.
Then we have the checks payment.
And of course also this information is going to be sent in that e-mail cash on the liberi out.
So this is going to be sent in the e-mail then we have people express check out.
I'm going to show you how to connect people expressing the upcoming Emilia's and we've had about Strype.
So this is where are you out there.
I can information for people in the strike and I'm going to show you how to do that at least for Paypal
because this drive is not available in my country.
At least for Paypal I'm going to show you how to connect your account in the environment for live or
a sandbox.
It's going to be at a very nice.
So this is it for the check out.
You can see also we have a bunch of options but normally all of them you can key you can keep the defaults.
So next on what on the check in Arkansas e-mail IP is not really important at the moment.
So we're going to see our phones and e-mails in the next weeks.